INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA
The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender stops Luke and the robots.
BARTENDER
We don't serve their kind here!

Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's drift.
LUKE
What?

BARTENDER
Your droids. They'll have to wait outside. We don't want them here.

Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.
Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.
LUKE
Listen, why don't you wait out by the speeder. We don't want any trouble.

THREEPIO
I heartily agree with you sir.

Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.
Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage- looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur- covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance. Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers, and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a sight to behold.
Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between Ben and the giant Wookiee.
Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear or whatever.
A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.

CREATURE
Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?

The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the belligerent monstrosity.
HUMAN
He doesn't like you.

LUKE
I'm sorry.

HUMAN
I don't like you either.

The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young adventurer.
HUMAN (CONT’D)
Don't insult us. You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence in twelve systems.

LUKE
I'll be careful then.

HUMAN
You'll be dead.

The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind Luke.
BEN
This little one isn't worth the effort. Come let me buy you something...

A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the young would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tables and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid. With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wicked chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben. The bartender panics.
BARTENDER
No blasters! No blaster!

With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt. Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities, attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben points the the Wookiee.